Add signer API code docs introductory text (#749)
secure-systems-lab/securesystemslib: docs/signer.rst

.. currentmodule:: securesystemslib.signer

At its core the signer API defines abstract interfaces to create and verify
cryptographic signatures:

* ``Signer.sign``
* ``Key.verify_signature``

> These interfaces can be implemented using arbitrary PKI technology. Many

Author: I was trying to get away with not having the right term here.  Originally, I wanted to say something like public key / asymmetric cryptography, but the sigstore signer made me feel unsure about it.  So I opted for the more vague term PKI.

> These interfaces can be implemented using arbitrary PKI technology. Many

Author: Maybe it's okay to just say "using arbitrary asymmetric signing technology". What do you think?

default implementations are included.

In addition, the API provides generic *load* methods for signers and public
keys:

> * ``Signer.from_priv_key_uri`` - to load a signer from a URI

Author: I'll try to expand on URIs here.

.. currentmodule:: securesystemslib.signer

> At its core the signer API defines abstract interfaces to create and verify
> cryptographic signatures:

Reviewer: I would love it if the first sentence was about the value/service provided to reader, not the mechanism.

```suggestion
The signer module provides a simple and unified cryptographic signing and signature verification API designed to work consistently regardless of the underlying signing technology. This is achieved with abstract interfaces backed by multiple implementations:  
```

* ``Signer.sign``
* ``Key.verify_signature``

The interfaces can be implemented using arbitrary asymmetric signing technology.
The ``Key`` class is also a container class for public key data. The ``Signer``
class, on the other hand, treats the private key as implementation detail. This
means that one specific signer may indeed contain the private key, but another
calls a remote cloud KMS, or a local hardware token for signing.

In addition to sign and verify interface methods, the signer API provides
generic *load* methods:

* ``Signer.from_priv_key_uri`` -  Loads any specific signer from a URI. The
  specific signer implementation itself is responsible for the URI format and
  resolution. To become discoverable, signers and their URI schemes are
  registered in the ``SIGNER_FOR_URI_SCHEME`` lookup table.

* ``Key.from_dict`` - Loads any specific key from a serialized format. The

>   specific key implementation is responsible public key format and

Reviewer 2: something's missing in the description here, perhaps
> specific key implementation is responsible __for the__ public key format and deserialization

  deserialization. To become discoverable, key type and signing scheme --
  required fields in any public key -- are registered in the
  ``KEY_FOR_TYPE_AND_SCHEME`` lookup table.

An application can use these same methods to uniformly load any signer or public
key, regardless of the specific implementation. Many signers and keys are
already included in the signer API. And an application can also create and
register its own.

Usage
-----
The signer API is streamlined for the following series of user events,

> which may happen on different systems and at different points in time:

Reviewer: I wonder if it's useful to make the connection to TUF explicitly: that the importance of separating these steps comes from the core use case (could maybe even explain the back-and-and-forth of a yubikey holder and a TUF repository when becoming a signer).

Maybe this should be a separate section that explains the design decisions?

Author: I was going back and forth about mentioning TUF or not, and ended up without because I didn't want to explain what TUF is, nor assume knowledge about it.

Let's reconsider in a second iteration.
